---
layout: page
title: Brian's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: NUS Classes

NUS Classes is a desktop app for NUS Computing professors to manage their tasks and contacts. It includes task management features such as creating tasks, tagging tasks, assigning contacts to tasks, and marking tasks as complete or incomplete. It also includes contact management features such as finding contacts, assigning contacts to specific tasks and tagging contacts.

Given below are my contributions to the project:

* **New Feature:** Built the foundations for the Task functionality.
  * **What it does:** Set up the framework for our NUS Classes product, which is a contact and task management app. By adding the task feature onto AB3's existing contact functionality,
this feature is the foundation for all Task-related commands in NUS Classes. Fields such as Task Name, Tag, DateTime set up the basic information contained within a Task, enabling NUS Computing professors to track their tasks
  * **Highlights:** This addition affects existing commands and commands to be added in the future. It required an in-depth analysis of what information should be encapsulated in a Task. The implementation too was challenging as it had to be correctly implemented to ensure all future commands built on this foundation work.
  * **Credits:** *Reused some functionalities from the existing AB3 to suit Task*
<br><br>
* **New Feature:** Added AddTaskCommand. (Pull Request [\#55](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/55), [\#78](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/78))
  * **What it does:** Adds a Task to NUS Classes with the relevant information. Users can add Tasks with the relevant information such as `TASKNAME`, `DATETIME` and `TAGS`.
  * **Justification:** This allows NUS Computing Professors to keep track of their Task duties and stay organised.
<br><br>
* **New Feature:** Added AddTaskCommandParser. (Pull Request [\#78](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/78))
  * **What it does:** Parses information from the user with the `addt` parameter and extracts relevant information to create a Task. Relevant information such as `TASKNAME`, `DATETIME`, `TAGS` are all parsed accurately to ensure the user's input is relevant. Invalid inputs such as invalid datetime, missing parameters, or even invalid user inputs are reflected to the user.
This allows the user to easily create tasks with relevant information.
  * **Highlights:** Custom error messages based on what the user has input incorrectly. For example for missing parameters, the error message will specify what parameters are missing. For invalid indexes, the error message will specify it as well, and invalid datetime is also covered.
  * **Justification:** A parser specific to AddTaskCommand ensures relevant input is parsed and custom messages highlight to the user what is needed to be fixed.
<br><br>
* **New Feature:** Person includes their `GITHUB_USERNAME`. Updated UI accordingly. (Pull Request [\#98](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/98), [\#126](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/126))
  * **What it does:** Introduce Github Username functionality for contacts for NUS Computing professors to better manage their contacts. This also allows profs to easily review students' and TAs' work on Github.
  * **Justification:** Github username is a relevant field for NUS Computing professors for many project modules, and it will make contact management easier.
  * **Highlights:** Valid username inputs are in line with Github username standards, meaning that usernames can only contain alphanumeric characters or singular hyphens, and not starting with or ending with a hyphen.
  * **Credits:** [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58726546/github-username-convention-using-regex) for the regex for Github usernames.



* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link]()

* **Project management**:
  * Managed releases `v1.3` - `v1.5rc` (3 releases) on GitHub


**Enhancements to existing features**: <br><br>

**Update:** AddContact and EditContact command to take in the relevant input. (Pull Request ([\#88](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/88), [\#98](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/98), [\#183](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/183)))
  * **What it does:** Update these functionalities to be more appropriate for NUS Computing professor: Removed `ADDRESS` field and added `GITHUB_USERNAME` field for relevancy.
  * **Highlights:** Customised error messages for duplicated fields of `PHONENUMBER`, `EMAIL` and `USERNAME` as no two people should have these same two fields.

**Update:** AddContactParser and EditContactParser command to parse relevant details and throw custom error messages. (Pull Request ([\#88](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/88), [\#183](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/183)))
  * **What it does:** Update these parsers parse `USERNAME` rather than `ADDRESS` and to throw custom error messages based on what parameters are missing.
  * **Justification:** Custom error messages let the user know what needs to be changed.

**Update:** Added new logo for NUS Classes.

**Update:** Zoom Link display color. (Pull Request [\#153](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/153))

**Update:** SampleDataUtil for more relevant tasks for NUS Classes as default tasks/contacts. (Pull Request [\#153](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/153))



  * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

**Documentation**:<br>
* User Guide:
  * Added images for examples of each command. (Pull Request [\#158](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/158))
  * Added images of UI. (Pull Request [\#158](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T12-4/tp/pull/158))
  * Added write-up for description of NUS Classes.
  * Updated Table of Contents.
  * Added documentation for the features `add contact` and `add task`
  * Rewrote examples for existing features to be more appropriate to NUS Classes, e.g. `Lecture` as example of Tasks.



* Developer Guide:
  * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.

**Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
  * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())
  
**Tools**:
  * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
  * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo.

  * _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_

